I'm not sure my leadership style is that unique. Uh, there are, I think
they're broad brush. A couple of different good ways to be be a leader.
Um, I am very direct. I'm a very direct person. I find comfort
in being a superior over a subordinate, and and you have no problem
telling the subordinate. You know what I think? As long as it's in
a respectful way. Uh, I think that is a This is a technique that is
used by by many different leaders. That seems to be effective. One of
the things that I take that I think might be slightly unique is it?
I really I feel very responsible for my support. It's not just in
that they're professional success, but their personal success, too.
And that while I think that that is, yeah, we're a required thing. I'm
not sure every leader feels that way, But I really do feel, um responsible
for helping Ah ah, a sailor. And they're in their personal
life. If I could do it and they want me to